[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Many of
you have seen David Icke and I
in several previous
conversations,
but this one today is perhaps
the most comprehensive of all.
We're going to dive into
the actual definition
of the Archontic
Realm, and then break
free solutions that deliver us
back to our own loving nature.
Without further ado,
let's welcome David Icke.
David, it's so good
to see you again.
>>DAVID ICKE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Haven't seen you
in the flesh in a few years.
>>ICKE: No.
>>REGINA: And I
have to say, you're
looking rosier,
healthier, and happier
than I have ever seen you.
>>ICKE: Yeah, I feel good.
I'm growing younger.
>>REGINA: You're
growing younger.
>>ICKE: Yeah, this growing
old stuff, I'll give it up.
>>REGINA: It doesn't work.
>>ICKE: No, it doesn't work.
It's not good.
Too many things start
to hurt, and I've
decided they're not
going to hurt anymore.
>>REGINA: But it's
crazy, because you
used to be in a lot of pain.
And you've been on a major tour.
Like, the last month.
And-- because we'll be talking
about this in a moment--
because in your understanding
of it, this is all an illusion.
And if this is an
illusion, then we
can create it any
way we want, and you
have chosen to age backwards.
>>ICKE: Well, yeah.
The thing is that if you start
from the point that the mind
consciousness--
let me just make a
definition there.
What I call mind is that
which interacts and perceives
the world of the
so-called five senses.
I say consciousness, the
real eye is beyond that.
But whether it's consciousness
or mind, that is dictating
the reality it's experiencing.
So I've got one word for you.
>>REGINA: Yeah?
>>ICKE: Placebo.
>>REGINA: Placebo.
Love the word placebo.
>>ICKE: Placebo.
Yeah.
Because you know,
I studied Japanese.
[LAUGH]
Placebo.
What is that?
That is when two groups of
people are in a medical study.
One is given the, quote, "drug."
The other one is not.
And when you study these,
you study these studies,
you find that often, the people
on the placebo get the effect.
I mean, I read a study once of
a trial in which half the people
were given LSD and half the
people were given a placebo.
It was a sugar
pill or something.
And people on the placebo sugar
pill went out on the trip,
right?
I've read studies where they did
control groups for hair growth
drugs, and some of the
people on the placebo
started growing hair.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ICKE: Now this is
the power of the mind,
which people also call belief,
to impact upon reality.
Now if you bring this
back to human society,
if you can program someone's
perception from cradle
to grave--
and what we call a human life
is just a programming download
from cradle to grave, from
coming out of the womb
and into the perceptual
influence of the parents who've
been through the process
you're about to go through.
You then go to school
at the earliest age now.
You know, three,
four years of age.
And you are then given,
throughout your formative years
right into your teenage
years, the version of reality,
history, what's right, what's
wrong, what's possible,
what's impossible,
nature of everything
from representatives
of the state called
teachers and academics.
All around you are
other people that
have been through
the same program who
are confirming to you that
what you've downloaded is true.
You then go out into the
institutions of work,
of politics like across the
road from where we are now,
Houses of Parliament.
You go into medicine,
you go into science,
you go into journalism, you go
into all these institutions.
And you meet people who went
through the process you've just
done ahead of you.
And they all downloaded
the same program,
and therefore, they
are confirming to you
and you're confirming to them
that the program is real.
You've got the media 24/7
telling you the program
is real.
And from therefore, cradle
to grave, you are downloading
and having constantly
confirmed a version of reality
that I call the postage
stamp consensus.
Tiny, tiny little
band of possibility,
including the
nature of who we are
and the nature of the
reality we're experiencing.
And therefore,
what you are doing
is programming perception
in the same way
as believing the placebo
pill is real and will have
the effect of the real drug.
Your mind then in that
perceptually programmed state
will manifest the reality
that the program has dictated
is real.
>>REGINA: You know
what's interesting,
David, is when people
think of you they think,
you know, David's all
about the conspiracy.
He's about, like, tearing
down the House of Lords,
and so forth.
And the reality is while
you're trying to inform people
how the program
happens, your passion
is about alerting
people to the fact
that this programmable
reality can
be unprogrammed and reprogrammed
toward our own favor.
That's your passion.
That's why you like
talking so much
about the nature
of reality and have
throughout all of your
books all of these years.
Though what you're known for
is the conspiracy, right?
And so let's talk about that.
Yeah, go ahead and make
your comment first.
>>ICKE: They're seamless.
People, even in the area
of alternative thought,
see divisions between
things that aren't there.
The world is as it is in
terms of manipulated wars,
manipulated banking systems,
manipulated accumulation
of vast wealth in
the hands of the few.
And the rest can get on
with it without anything
like the same number of
choices, the same ability
to decide their life,
because of this program.
And what you find
with this program
is it infests every
perception with a simple--
what I would call a
simple description.
Unquestioned belief.
That's what this program is.
It's unquestioned belief.
So you download the program
and then you don't question it,
and then you jump on anyone
that does question it,
and put pressure on
them to conform as well
for the crime of
being different.
And then you go on and
on with these things
you won't question
until you come
to you won't question the nature
of reality and what it is.
You don't question the nature
of who you are as opposed
to what you've
been told you are,
which is basically
a list of labels.
I am an A, B, C. Man, woman,
black, white, transgender,
whatever.
And so this whole
so-called conspiracy
is all based on
manipulating and downloading
a perception of
reality which plays out
as a perception of everything.
So there are no
divisions between them.
You know, they
get away with what
they do in terms
of world events,
because people don't question
what's really going on.
And once you start questioning
the nature of reality,
then everything else
starts to unravel.
Because I find this when I
do talks around the world.
I'm doing a series of
evening events at the moment,
and I start out not talking
about the manipulated wars
and banking systems and
the privilege of royalty,
but about the nature of reality.
Because you know, people think
that a few people controlling
the world is kind of far out
and not possible, a bit weird.
And then you say,
well, actually, we
are currently
perceiving a tiny sliver
of the electromagnetic
spectrum, which
according to mainstream
science is 0.005% of what
exists in the universe.
Say that light fell over.
It will only make a
noise if we hear it,
because when it falls
over, all it's doing
is disturbing the
energetic field
and creating a vibration--
>>REGINA: Creating vibration.
Yes, of course.
Yeah.
>>ICKE: We only hear it
when the ears transfer
that vibrational effect into
an electrical form, which they
then communicate
to the brain, which
then hears the sound of
the light falling over.
Now compared with that,
when we experience reality
in a completely different
way of everything being solid
and we look out of our eyes
and we can see everything
in the space we're looking
at, compared with that,
a few people manipulating
wars, which can be shown
to be provable fact, by the
way, and directing human society
so that the power and control
goes into fewer and fewer hands
every day is small deal.
So this whole perceptual
program affects,
and in a negative sense,
infests all our perceptions.
Thus, all our behavior.
What does behavior come from?
It comes from
perceptions of reality.
What I will say now, what I
will do, what I will challenge,
what I won't challenge,
what I'll not believe
and what I will
believe is dictated
by my perception of reality.
So you control perception
of the population,
and then you manipulate
them to insist
that everybody else accepts
the same perception,
or they get called ridiculed
or crazy or dangerous.
And basically, you
control the world.
So you know, I look at
the alternative media,
and I see them about fighting
the enemy and stockpiling
weapons and all these five
sense perceptions of how
you deal with apparently,
though they're not,
five sense problems.
And what I don't see
in the vast majority
of the alternative
media is this balance
of, A, exposing
the names, dates,
places, world
events manipulation,
but also connecting
it to the fact
that it's only
possible because we
have given our minds away,
our perceptions away.
The placebo is telling
us what to think.
And by doing so,
we are collectively
creating the world we think
someone else has created.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
So now we get down to the
real nuts and bolts of it.
It doesn't matter
who you speak to.
It doesn't matter even speaking
to lovely intuitive sources
in the other world.
I can say without
exception all of them
have said even if they
don't choose to go into it,
yes, there are forces
that are interfering
with the people of your planet.
And that goes without exception.
In every intuitive
source, every channel
where we featured
on Gaia privately
when I've spoken to them
said, they're being said, yes.
You are being interfered with.
Your job is to break that.
So I think people have
a hard time accepting
that this reality, this
bandwidth we're living in
on Earth is balanced between
the higher realms and the lower
realms.
And by nature of higher
realms, you don't interfere.
You let people get on with
it and help if it's requested
or if it's needed.
The lower realms don't
have those same virtues
that they live by.
They're intrusive,
invasive, and usurious.
And they're coming into
our reality all the time.
So now I think it's a good time
to start explaining to people--
and you did a beautiful job
of it in your new book--
what the Archontic Realm,
as it's called, is.
How these really lower
consciousness beings
interface with our reality.
They may be powerful, but
still lower consciousness.
>>ICKE: Well, to really get
it to its foundation level,
in my view, my research
over, what, 30 years,
you've got to get out
of the realm of form.
Form is the place
where consciousness
has a vehicle to experience
particular bands of frequency.
This is why we have this
whole concept through the ages
to present day of possession.
What is possession?
It's another
consciousness taking
over the perceptual
processes of another form.
This is what happens.
And of course, you know,
if you look at possession
and its really extreme level
where people's faces are
actually changing,
then what is happening
is that the possessing
consciousness is impacting
upon what I would say
is a holographic form
of the possessed person.
And thus, you've got, if
you like, an information
field imposing itself on
another information field
until the possessing
information field becomes
so dominant that it starts
to affect the hologram,
and the hologram
starts to shift.
Any observer says, whoa.
A face is changing.
I've seen it.
It happens.
And so we get out
the realms of form,
we can see what
we're dealing with.
We talk about balanced behavior.
We talk about
psychopathic behavior.
And anyone will
appreciate immediately
they are very different.
So what is balanced behavior?
It's a state of
balanced consciousness,
a state a balanced
awareness, a state of balance
where you have little
things like empathy,
where you can put yourself
in the feelings of others
that you affect, which has
a massive impact on what
you will and will not do,
because you have this--
if not awareness of what you're
doing, which is what empathy
is, you have an emotional
consequence when
you make other people suffer.
That's balance, and that
creates a certain type of world.
It creates a certain
type of society,
a certain type of interaction.
Then you've got the
psychopathic state of mind.
And if you look at something
called the hair test, named
after the guy who came up with
it, of psychopathic traits,
and what they say is if you've
got enough of these traits,
you are deemed a psychopath, at
the top of them is no empathy.
No ability to put yourself in
the feelings of those you make
suffer.
So one, you've got no
emotional consequence
for whatever you do.
No shame is another one.
No care about what you need
to do to get what you want.
Anything goes to
get what you want.
There are no limits.
Another psychopathic trait.
Parasiting off the
target, whether it's
an individual or a population.
A pathological liar is another
one of the psychopathic traits.
Now, OK.
Now think of the society
that would create,
as opposed to the balanced
society with empathy and love
and caring and integrity.
Completely different society.
And what we are
doing in this reality
is seeing the two
in the same reality.
You see people of
the former state
of beings' perception,
behavior, and then you
see the psychopaths.
And what tends to happen--
and not by coincidence--
is the psychopaths tend to
get into positions of power.
And it's systematically done.
If you look at the hierarchy
of power in the world,
in any country,
you'll invariably
find psychopaths
working all the way
through the major
positions of power that
are impacting upon society.
So if you look at ancient
writings and ancient legends
and ancient accounts,
they all talk--
and no matter what the
culture is, no matter where
it is-- they all talk about
this manipulative force, which
they give different names.
And all the people,
the anthropologists
and the historians
go around, and they
seem to think that all these
different names for gods
and manipulators and
the different cultures
are all different
gods of manipulators.
They're not.
Just break down how they're
being described, for goodness
sake, and you see
actually they're
different names
for the same force.
And this force of
manipulation falls
straight into the category
of being psychopathic.
So if you go beyond
the realms of form,
you're dealing with different
states of consciousness.
And one of the names
given to this force
is Archons or Archontic, which
comes from the gnostic belief
system, particularly
those out of Egypt,
who left the Nag Hammadi
texts that were found in Egypt
in 1945 in an earthen jar.
And these were, it seems,
hidden around 400 AD, which
would kind of sink
with the destruction
of the great library
of Alexandria,
which was basically run by--
>>REGINA: And the
rise of Constantine
and the Catholic church.
>>ICKE: Yeah, the
Catholic church
destroyed anything that
challenged the Catholic church.
And therefore, they
targeted the great library
of Alexandria,
which was basically
run by gnostic thinkers
who had a much more
open mind to everything.
And in these Nag Hammadi
texts, about a fifth of them
talk about this Archontic
force, which they say
takes form and
manipulates human society.
Indeed, they say--
and it fits massively
with what I'm saying too--
that this reality was actually
created by that force, this
reality we're experiencing
through the five senses.
And in their prime form,
they are just energy.
Although they do take form,
but really, it's just energy.
So that fits too
with what I'm saying
about the fact we're dealing
with different states
of consciousness.
And this Archontic
awareness, if you like,
is extremely psychopathic,
extremely distorting,
and it's impacted
upon this reality
to the point where its
distortion is distorting
the reality that
we are living in.
And if you don't hold your
consciousness, awareness
in that balanced state, and
therefore not get pulled in,
it will pull you in.
And I can't describe it any
more accurately, not even
symbolically accurately, than
to call it a computer virus.
You have a computer,
and it's working fine.
Say the computer is
symbolic of the five
senses, the conscious mind.
And you have the person with
the mouse and the keyboard.
Say that's symbolic of
consciousness beyond the five
sense mind, the conscious mind.
Everything's fine, because
you've got the computer itself
interacting with the internet,
the collective reality
directly.
But you've got the person with
the mouse and the keyboard
with the bigger picture
who's guiding that journey
across the internet.
Now imagine-- of course,
it happens all the time--
a virus takes over the computer.
Now the person who's got
the big picture who's
been guiding the computer
through the internet
is now banging the mouse
and banging the keyboard.
Nothing's happening.
The computer's gone its own way.
Its gone where it wants
to go on the internet now,
and nothing works.
And it all becomes distorted
and a mess and everything
slows down or
quickens up, whatever
the effect of the virus.
That's what's happened
in this world.
The true self expanded
awareness has been disconnected,
not least through the perceptual
programs, from five sense mine.
So five sense mind
becomes isolated.
Now if you're in this, which
is just a band of frequency--
it's not even a world.
It's an information source
that we're decoding.
If you're in it and
interacting with it,
and your whole
perception of reality
is also in that frequency
band, you're in the world
and you're of the world.
Where is your information
coming that's going
to give you a fix and an
understanding on the reality
you're experiencing?
From the reality
you're experiencing.
And so if you control the media
and you control the education
system and you control all
the sources of communication,
the only information
you're getting
to give you a perception of
the reality you're experiencing
is coming from the reality
you're experiencing.
But when you expand your
awareness beyond the program,
beyond the postage
stamp, as I call it,
you're now tapping in
to levels of reality
that are beyond the program.
You're tapping into
the person, again,
with the mouse and the keyboard.
And from that
perception, you start
to see the reality that
you're experiencing
a completely different way.
Now you're in the world, because
yes, we're interacting with it.
Of course.
Otherwise, I can't
pick that cup up.
But our perceptions
of that world
are no longer entirely
of that world.
You're the guy with the
mouse and the keyboard again.
And that's when
everything changes.
Now you look at the pressures.
You look at the pressures
throughout someone's life
not to break out of that in
the world and of the world.
Total ridicule,
condemnation, all of it.
And what we need to do is
have the backbone initially--
you don't need it later--
to reject that
perceptual imposition,
that psychological fascism,
because that's what it is,
that is holding
humanity in servitude
to this force,
which is basically
the dominant force within
this band of frequency
that we're experiencing.
But it's not the
dominant force beyond it.
>>REGINA: No, absolutely not.
So if we're looking at that
psychopathic force without form
that has a way of insinuating
itself into the appropriate
host, would you say
that in general--
and it can be all
throughout society--
it takes a certain
kind of person
to claw their way to the
top of any field, right?
So whether they're in
Parliament or whether they're
in, you know,
entertainment or whatnot,
there are certain people that
are known to kind of step
over each other's backs to
get where they want to go.
Would you say that it's that
personality and resonance
field itself that
makes them a good host
for the Archontic
energy to flow through?
>>ICKE: Well, there's
number of levels of this.
In the end, we're
talking about frequency.
If you expand your awareness,
you expand your self-identity
from I am little me and
my little set of labels
I've been given, to I am
infinite awareness having
those experiences, then
your frequency immediately
starts to resonate quicker.
The more you get pulled into
low vibrational emotion,
the more you get pulled into
myopic self-identities--
I am Ethel on the checkout,
and that's all I am--
then your frequency
starts to fall.
This is why when people
are in states of anxiety
or in states of fear
and depression they say,
oh, I'm so--
>>REGINA: Which all the
media tries to keep is there.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
I feel so heavy today.
And when you're in a state of
joy and positivity, you say,
I feel so light today.
Why?
Because they're different
frequency states.
And as you say, if you look
at human society and all
the forces of communication,
which equal perception,
they're all basically
trying to keep us
in a low vibrational state
by keeping us in fear,
by keeping us in anxiety.
>>REGINA: And distracted.
Terribly distracted.
>>ICKE: Distracted, stressed,
and with a very narrow sense
of our identity and our own--
>>REGINA: Our possibility.
>>ICKE: --our own power.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ICKE: So what that's
doing is pulling us
into a low-frequency state.
Now this is where--
which I've written about
a lot over the years--
this is where these
bloodlines come in,
these particular
family bloodlines
that go way back to
the ancient world
and incessantly interbreed
with each other.
Well, people say about loyalty
and about the aristocracy,
or it's the blue
bloods, they call them.
Oh, they interbreed
to keep the genes up.
And they interbreed
with each other
to keep a certain
information frequency field
through their generations.
Which, if it was
interbred and interspersed
with the general population,
then that particular Archontic,
I would call it,
information field, bloodline
would be quickly diluted.
So these bloodlines have
been specifically created
to process information
in a way that does not
have empathy, and all
those traits of the hair
test of a psychopath.
If you've got a computer and
you program it in a certain way,
it will decode
information in that way.
Won't decode information
outside of that.
Only that way.
Now if we're going
to get streetwise
to the force that's
manipulating human society,
we've got to get
streetwise to the fact
it doesn't have the limitations,
particularly emotional
limitations that we have.
So you've got these particular
bloodlines, which started out
as out and out royalty, kings
and queens of the ancient past,
and the aristocracy.
And then when-- apart
from, of course,
we still have the royal
family here and in one or two
other countries.
But there came a point
where humanity in general
started rejecting this
in-your-face control
by royal bloodline.
So these bloodlines
then went out
into the dark suit professions
of banking, of politics,
of business, of media ownership,
and all the institutions
of science and medicine.
And they've gone on
manipulating ever since.
But they still
perceive themselves,
even though they're not
out and out called royalty,
they still see themselves
as a special bloodline,
the bloodlines of the gods.
This is where this
whole concept of royalty
and the divine right
to rule comes from.
So you've got these
bloodlines, which
are of a particular
informational, information
processing nature
that become incredibly
easy for this Archontic
force to possess,
because the frequency
compatibility is so close.
And you have them
with this inability
to express empathy
and the ability
to express all the character
traits of psychopaths.
Which is why the
world is as it is
and why you find the psychopaths
in the positions of power
invariably.
And then there's others--
this is one of the ways
the secret society networks
operate--
where they're keeping
an eye on people.
They do this at universities
in this country like Oxford
and Cambridge and in the Ivy
League universities of America.
>>REGINA: For the people
with those very traits.
I've interviewed
a couple of them
where they're a
little tweaked, they
don't have the normal kind of
constraints of the personality.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
They're looking for them.
I mean, you talk to Satanists,
and what they tell you--
those that are in the know--
is that you know like the
Anton Lavey kind of level
of the Church of Satan.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ICKE: It's not Sunday
school, but by comparison it's
Sunday school, compared with the
real deep levels of Satanism,
which actually is the force
behind these bloodlines.
It's the way they interact
with their masters,
if you like, in these rituals.
But what they're looking
for in these kind
of outer levels of Satanism are
people with particular traits.
And they'll give
them things to do,
and they give them, like,
questionnaire tests.
In this situation,
would you do this?
Would you do that?
And if they show in these
tests they have no empathy
and will do horrific things,
then they go deeper--
>>REGINA: They're recruited.
They're recruited
by intelligence.
into academic circles.
They're recruited into media.
I am aware of this.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
So through this
whole recruitment
system of psychopaths, plus the
inner core who are basically
interbreeding psychopaths,
you concentrate power
in the world right across
the institutions of politics
and banking and
business and journalism,
in terms of media ownership,
and of academia and science
and medicine.
And you call the
shots of society,
because all these
institutions are fiercely
compartmentalized pyramids.
You've got the tiny
few at the top.
There's your psychopaths.
And then as you come
down the pyramid
in all these
organizations, you're
meeting more and
more and more people
who know less and less
and less about what
the organization's about.
They're just adding their
part without realizing
how their part connects
to everyone else's part.
And you have then therefore
a global structure
of the imposition on the global
population of a few people
at the top with vast
numbers, playing their part
and pushing that control forward
while having no idea that's
what they're doing.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So let's talk about this.
You know, everybody
says, toward what end?
What is it that
these beings want
to achieve in and of
themselves at human expense?
And what would they like to see
this planet ultimately become?
>>ICKE: Well, there's
many, many levels to that.
But imagine you are a distorted
state of consciousness.
Imagine a distorted
vibrational state.
That's you.
That's what you are.
Doesn't mean you have
to stay like that,
but it's what you are and what's
driving everything you do.
For more and more
power, you want
to pull more and
more consciousness
into that vibration.
That's what we're seeing.
We see it in human society.
More and more people have
been pulled over the years
into this distortion.
And what happens when they do
that is this on a consciousness
level, this distortion
is basically
absorbing, assimilating
into itself
all the consciousness
that it's got
to vibrate at the same
level, vibration as itself.
So it gets more--
>>REGINA: So than a fuel.
It's a food source.
It's a nutrient, a
low-frequency nutrient
that resonates with the beings.
>>ICKE: Yeah.
It's like having a computer
virus which starts off
infecting one computer.
And then it infects another
computer and another computer
and another computer,
until you've
got a massive global
computer virus
infection that is affecting,
you know, computers
on a very large scale.
What is that virus doing?
It's absorbing the balance that
those computers were working on
into itself so the
computers start
to manifest the traits of
the distortion, of the virus.
This is precisely
what is happening.
And the idea is to
absorb the human mind
into this distortion via
artificial intelligence
and a technological connection
of the brain body to AI.
And you know, not
too long ago if I'd
have said that, people would
have said, you're mad, mate.
That would never happen.
And you see, if you think
about it, what has happened up
to this point is human
perception has been manipulated
by control of
information received,
because people's perceptions
come from information received.
And if it's not through
a personal experience,
it's through some form of
information communication.
This stage we're entering
now, unless we wake up fast,
is bringing an end
to the manipulation
of human perception by
control of information.
And it's turning
artificial intelligence
into human perception.
It becomes it.
So what people think,
how people feel
becomes whatever AI dictates.
I mean, you look
at what Kurzweil
is saying, for instance, that
once the connection is made
between the human
brain, human mind,
and artificial intelligence,
artificial intelligence will
have more and more
and more influence
until the human
thought processes
that we perceive now are
negligible and eventually
extinct.
It's an assimilation.
It's an assimilation into
artificial intelligence.
And I hear all the time now--
of course we do--
AI this, AI that, AI the other,
AI's taking over the military,
AI's taking over communication.
AI this, AI that.
I don't hear this question.
What is AI?
What is it?
What is this
artificial intelligence
that's taking everything over?
Because we're being invaded.
We're being invaded.
Our minds are being invaded and
our society is being invaded--
>>REGINA: And you're saying it's
a technological assimilation
of the human collective
consciousness.
>>ICKE: Yeah, and
I'm asking this.
What is AI?
And I feel this strongly after
all these years of research
that AI is this Archontic force.
See, there's two types of AI.
There's algorithmic AI, codes.
And then there's
what they're calling
strong AI, which is
an AI that's basically
a form of consciousness.
And this is what I say is
going to lead to the infusion
into this technological
control system
of this Archontic distortion,
which will then be controlling
human perceptions
like humans were just
computer terminals on
someone else's internet.
>>REGINA: The way we're plugged
into our technology, that's
a very likely outcome,
because we've given over
our own consciousness to the
information that's constantly
streaming in in
everybody's hands.
Here on the Tube, everybody's
on their own little devices,
right?
Being programmed
minute by minute.
>>ICKE: Yeah, well, you
know, something else
I point out in the book is this
very easy-to-follow process
of how this has
been brought about.
Number one, you
get people addicted
to technology they hold.
Then you move on to--
because you want to
get inside the body.
>>REGINA: Because you had to put
a little entertainment in there
to keep people--
keep the juice going, to
keep people hooked into it.
>>ICKE: Then you go to
technology on the body.
This is your Bluetooth, your
Google Glass, your Apple Watch.
And now we're already seeing it.
You go inside the body, and
many levels to that as well.
But I'm saying that
this extraordinary level
of addiction to technology now,
especially among the young,
is not just--
well, on one level
it's the brain
becoming addicted to the
electronic digital stimulation.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
The speed at which the
experience is happening too.
>>ICKE: It goes into
cold turkey when
people put their phone down.
But I think there's
more to it than that.
I think there's
something coming off
these phones, actually, that
are having an addictive impact.
And so you get people
addicted to technology.
You get people-- especially when
people are born into this world
now, it's all they know.
You get them to make a
psychological connection
to technology.
Because before you can
make a physical connection,
you've got to make a
psychological connection.
And once that psychological
connection's made--
and this, by the way, is what
these digital assistants are
all about like Echo and Alexa.
What is that doing?
That's getting people
in their own homes
all the time to make a
psychological connection,
an interaction to AI.
And you are seeing this
psychological connection.
This is why they're
having Barbie dolls
connected to the internet
so young, young kids
from the earliest ages having
conversation interactions
with artificial intelligence--
>>REGINA: Don't get me going.
I agree with you.
>>ICKE: This is
what it's all about
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's talk about it now.
We're going to start
looking at the story
from the other side of it.
We're seeing the problem.
And you know, certainly people
say, oh my god, the problem
is so scary.
It scares me.
It's so fear-based.
But the reality is,
it's just information.
It doesn't have to frighten
you if you understand you have
the ultimate power over this.
The individual does
have the ultimate power.
It's not as though
it's not a task
to try to break free of this
matrix that's been created.
But we do have the
power to do so,
so let's look at it
from a soul level.
Souls are still continuing
to incarnate on Earth.
The soul is something
much finer than AI.
It's much finer than what these
low-density beings can create.
What would you say is the
opportunity for a soul, who
is always looking to
expand and experience
and grow and refine, to
incarnate into this matrix?
>>ICKE: Well, I mean,
you know, maybe it's
not always free will, you know?
I mean, you know, bees get
attracted to honey pots,
but who's waiting with the
swatter next to the honey pot?
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Well,
we might disagree
on that, because I
do think souls have
some say in what
they're going to do.
>>ICKE: It depends--
I think it depends on the
level of consciousness
of what you call soul, whether
they are drawn in to this
or whether they make a choice.
Probably both is true.
But the point about fear--
I mean, you know, when
I started this journey,
consciously started
it 30 years ago,
I was seeing what we then
called New Age people--
I don't hear that phrase
so much these days--
who were calling about
letting go of fear.
And then they were
saying to people like me,
you can't say that.
You'll frighten people.
And I used to say to them, what
happened to letting go of fear?
You know, there's
one thing for sure
that will make certain
that we will do nothing
about what's going
on, and that is
ignorance of what is going on.
>>REGINA: That is very true.
>>ICKE: The bottom
line is we have
to appreciate what is happening
and how the scam works,
how the perceptual
manipulation works.
Because without that,
we've got no chance.
There's nothing more
manipulatable than genuineness
that isn't streetwise.
Easiest thing in the world.
And so it's no
good people saying,
well, this might frighten
people, because, well, they'll
have to be frightened then.
Because if they're
not frightened now,
they will be a bit
further down the line.
So we face it now
or we face it then,
when it's much more
difficult to turn around.
And so there's two levels of it.
One, we have to
understand how it works,
because by understanding
the problem,
then you can understand
how to remove
the cause of the problem.
The cause of the problem is
how literally comparatively
a handful of people and that
consciousness they represent
controls and dictates
the lives of 7.5 billion.
It's because most
of the 7.5 billion
are in ignorance
that it's going on,
and certainly in ignorance
of how the scam works
and how they're
being manipulated.
>>REGINA: And being kept so
exhausted they don't have time
to contemplate it.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
I mean, you know,
it's the old thing.
Keep their heads down,
and they'll never
look up and see what's
actually going on.
So we need to understand
what's happening.
But this is why the
outward expression
of the manipulation, human
society and what goes on there,
should be communicated.
And for me, has
to be communicated
with the nature of reality
and the nature of who we are.
Because then we can not
only see how this plays out,
but how it can unplay out.
We have given our minds away
to a perceptual program that
gives us a particular
perception of reality
and a particular
perception of self.
What I'm saying is
that we are interacting
with this, what you might call
quantum field of possibility
and probability, within a
frequency band represented
by our perceptions.
Everything in our
reality is frequency.
So little me, I've got
no power, is a frequency.
It's a very dense frequency.
It's a very narrow frequency.
I am all that is, has been,
and ever can be is an expanded
frequency, because it's
an expanded self-identity,
and it is a very high,
comparatively, vibrational--
>>REGINA: And more
empowering by far.
>>ICKE: Yeah.
So I'm little me,
I have no power,
is interacting symbolically
with this field of possibility
and probability and
this narrow band.
And it creates a
feedback loop in effect,
where your perceptions become
your experienced reality.
And then when you
expand your awareness,
you expand your
self-identity, now
you're interacting
with a quantum
field of possibility
and probability
in a much more expanded way.
And what happens?
What happens when people
so-called wake up, which means
wake up from the
program or start to?
They start to notice the
incredible synchronicity
in their life that
suddenly starts.
These amazing coincidences,
these amazing bits of luck,
these manifestations.
Oh my goodness.
Fancy seeing you here, huh?
That's incredible to meet
you here, thousands of miles
from home, and there you go.
Oh, it's amazing.
That starts to happen.
Why?
I am little me becomes
I am infinite me.
And therefore, the amount of
possibility and probability
that we are interacting
with massively expands.
So what you manifest in the
feedback loop of perception
becomes experienced reality
dramatically changes.
And this is-- you
know, coming around
to how we started out here, if
you walk through fire believing
you'll get burned, then they'll
be calling an ambulance.
But if you go into other
levels of awareness
that will not perceive that
dynamic, that feedback loop--
I'll get burned,
ah, I'm burned--
then you can walk
through fire and not
get burned, which of
course is what people do.
>>REGINA: Yeah, your
atomic structure literally
changes according
to that thought.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
And so when you are
changing your perception,
you change your
experienced reality.
So coming back to
how we started out,
if you believe
that life is random
and that you go through
an aging process--
because that's encoded
in the body anyway,
but it can be unencoded--
and if the body's a
hologram, what does
a hologram need to breathe?
Have you ever seen a
hologram have to breathe?
Have you ever seen
a hologram age?
But if you perceive
that, then again,
the placebo symbolic
effect will manifest it.
And people look around
them, and what do they see?
They see people
aging everywhere.
Oh, god.
You can't do that at your age.
It's all a program.
And we have the ability to
take power over that program
back any time we choose, but
the program is constantly
telling us we don't have
that power, because it's
self-preserving itself.
>>REGINA: I'd like to spend
some time talking about that,
because that is what people need
to understand loud and clear.
They do have that power.
They need to understand
how to identify
the actual I. Not the little
me, but the real true self.
And so they can start
aligning with that
and break free of this matrix.
>>ICKE: Well, if you
asked almost everybody
the question who
are you, they'll
give you a list of labels.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I'm a mom, I'm a TV
lady, I'm a whatever.
Yeah.
>>ICKE: Yeah.
But that's not who you are.
That's what you're experiencing.
And one of the
great foundations of
this whole perceptual
control of the human race
is to get people
to self-identify
with their experience
instead of the consciousness
that's having the experience.
You know, when people have
near-death experiences
and they leave the body,
and suddenly, whoa, they
massively expand their
awareness and can experience
multiple realities in the same
moment, all that's happened
is that I has left the
body, which is doing what?
It's focusing our attention
in a narrow band of frequency.
So as soon as it leaves the
body, that focus of attention's
gone, and suddenly you have
expanded states of awareness.
That's the I.
I remember-- quick story.
When my mother
died, at that point,
I'd never seen a dead body.
It just hadn't been
in my experience.
But on the morning
of the funeral,
I went to the funeral parlor,
and there was my mother,
lying on the slab.
And I touched her hand.
Stone cold.
Next to her was a big,
blown-up picture of her,
which my brother
had had done, which
was going to stand next to the
coffin in the funeral service.
The body had no life.
None.
I mean, talk about dead.
The picture was alive.
It was alive.
>>REGINA: It had the sparkle
in her eyes, the personality
and feeling.
>>ICKE: What was in
that picture but wasn't
in the body, that's who we are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ICKE: And so when you
start self-identifying
with that level of self, that
I, a massive effect happens.
Because that expanded
perception first of all
changes the frequency
and everything
that we are operating
on, and the interaction
with possibility
and probability.
But it also puts
what experiences
we're having into perspective.
Instead of the experiences
overwhelming you
because the experiences
are you, they
become something transitory
that you are experiencing.
And that's what this is.
And if people just realize that,
I think they'd chill out more.
>>REGINA: I think they would.
I think the biggest
issue is people say,
but I don't know how to do that.
And so they'll go into
meditation classes
and be very diligent and
try to find the I in that.
And oftentimes,
that doesn't work.
And you know,
interestingly, in some
of the workshops
I do for people,
I had this one little
meditation that
is so freeing
because you go back
to kindergarten, to
the desires of what you
had when you were a little kid.
These unfettered desires that
no one had trampled on yet.
And it is shocking
how close people
start coming to what
it is they are again
by going into that little
experience of what they loved
when they were a child.
And I guide him
through it and all.
But it seems to be
so far that desire
of what one is
passionate about seems
to be the closest tool
to getting people up
into that field of who I am.
>>ICKE: And it's
interesting also going on
from that to ask the question,
how many people in this world
are doing what they want to do?
>>REGINA: Almost no one.
>>ICKE: Almost no one.
>>REGINA: Well, and that's
what they all discover in this.
>>ICKE: They're doing what the
system tells them they must do.
The whole system is
set up to enforce--
I mean, here's a simple thing.
What is freedom?
In this reality,
what is freedom?
What is freedom anywhere?
It's choice.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Absolutely.
>>ICKE: The more choices
you have, the freer you are.
So what does the system do?
It takes choice away.
Or the perception
of choice away.
And therefore, people
get up in the morning
to get through to going to bed.
And so weekends
become this big thing,
because, oh, I've got to work,
I haven't got to do this,
I haven't got to do that.
But you know, you look at
people and how many times
they're saying all the time,
I've got to, got to, got to,
got to, got to.
Just, OK.
Just take a breath.
Just, let's go
through these go tos
and see what you
really have to do
and which of them you
perceive you have to do,
because that's the program of
reality that you've taken on.
And when you realize that
we are consciousness having
a transitory experience in
this reality, and you know,
you haven't got to
get anywhere, you
haven't got to be
someone, you're already
a point of attention within
all that is, has been, and ever
could be, all
possibility, what do you
mean you've got to be someone?
What someone can you
be that's more than
being a point of attention
within all possibility?
But it's this got
to, got to, got it.
And basically-- and I saw
this advertisement once.
It couldn't have been a great
advertisement, because I
can't remember what it was for,
but it was a brilliant concept.
This child comes out
of the womb at one end
and flies through the
air like a missile.
And as it's flying
through the air,
it's aging and aging
and aging and aging.
And then it hits the
cemetery at the other end.
And that's life.
It's like, got to,
got to, got to.
But we haven't.
You see, someone said
to me the other day,
why are you always working?
Why don't you have
more in your life?
You know.
And I said well, A,
because I like working.
But also because I
had this perception
of what I'm doing
a long time ago
that you see, people,
they look at a human life
and they say it
has to have this,
it has to have that, it
has to have a balance.
So it has to have work,
it has to have this,
it has to have that.
And so people say, I go to
work, and then I'll go out,
and that's my chill time, right?
Well, often it isn't these
days, but that's my chill time,
they say.
I just see it over
a long period.
I feel my perception of my
life is I've come to work.
>>REGINA: You have come
to work, and you do.
I know you well enough to
know you work hard every day,
but you love what you do.
>>ICKE: Yeah.
But I've come to work.
I'm at work now.
>>REGINA: You're here.
Yeah.
When you're out of your body.
>>ICKE: The person they call
David Icke has come to work.
I didn't realize that for a long
time in my life, but I do now.
I've come to work.
And when I leave this reality,
I'll go and chill or something.
It's just seeing it over
a longer period than just
concertinaing it all into--
>>REGINA: Into a week,
into a seven-day cycle.
>>ICKE: Into this transitory
threescore years and 10.
>>REGINA: I agree.
And people want to
know you, because they
want to know David.
They know this part of you.
The people that know your
work know that of you.
But there are other things
that you love and give you
great joy in life
besides just your work,
and I think the
viewers would love
to hear a couple things
that just kind of warm
your heart up.
>>ICKE: I love the
landscape of England.
I love landscape in general.
I think they're works of art.
I love seeing people happy.
That's what makes me cry.
I don't think I've
ever cried in my life
at something that was sad,
because my instincts are
if I can, I want to
do something about it.
What makes me cry
is people happy,
is people doing lovely
things for people.
That's what affects
me in that way.
So I get great joy from
seeing the kindness of people,
because people are kind.
You know, this distortion
is not all powerful,
and it's not all
controlling either.
It's just controlled
the positions of power
to a very large
extent, but it's not
controlled all the
processes and reactions
of the human population.
And you see this kindness
coming out in people often,
so I love that.
And you know, I just--
>>REGINA: I can think
of a couple things,
just knowing you a bit.
>>ICKE: Oh, go on then.
>>REGINA: OK.
You love choo choo trains.
You love steam trains
and riding on trains
and looking at the
country on trains.
>>ICKE: Yeah, I tell you
what that's connected you.
I tell you what
that's connected to.
It's connected to my
childhood, because there's
a film crew out of California
doing a film about my life
and work at the moment.
And I spoke back in Leicester,
my hometown in the English
Midlands about three weeks ago,
and went back to all the places
that I knew as a
kid, and you know,
where I used to
often watch trains.
But the trains, the steam
trains and all these
preserved lines in
England I like to go to,
they're basically
just taking you
back to what was a
lovely time in my life,
a simple time in my life.
I was born in 1952, and anyone
that was born more recently
would not believe how
different the world is
to when I was born in 1952.
It was a simple
life in the sense
that you had to make
your own pleasure.
You had to be imaginative.
And what I see with
children today--
and this I say is
absolutely systematic--
is they're not just
allowed to play and let
their imagination run riot
and go where it wants to go.
They're focused
all the time, not
least on these
technological devices.
The more focused
you are, the more
you're shutting out
peripheral vision
and peripheral imagination.
And that, I think,
is not a good thing.
I'll tell you one
of the things that
hit me when I went
back to the old house
where I was brought up.
My brother still lives there.
There was a green in front.
It was a big council estate.
There was a green.
But I was fortunate, given
it was a council estate,
and normally it's houses
as far as the eye can see.
Because there was a green
just across from the house,
and there was this spinney,
this wood next to it
between two roads.
And so my childhood was climbing
trees and playing football
on that green.
And there were kids everywhere.
There were kids out
playing football,
there were kids
climbing trees, there
were kids playing hide
and seek in the forest.
And I went back, and
first of all, there
was a tree that was
planted at that time.
Made me think, about time.
And it was a sapling,
and it was tied
to a post to hold it up
till it got to some size,
could grow on its own.
That was our goal post.
That was that post.
And we put a coat down the
other side for the other post.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ICKE: I went
back two weeks ago.
That tree's about this big
now, this sapling I remember.
But you know what
hit me when I looked?
>>REGINA: No kids.
>>ICKE: No children.
>>REGINA: No.
And the media has
perpetuated this notion.
In the US, they call it stranger
danger, stranger danger.
You walk around in the
US, and these little kids
won't smile at you.
You can-- hi, you know?
Most of them will
not smile back.
They'll kind of retract,
like, stranger danger.
I'm not supposed to talk to you.
I don't already know you.
This to me is-- that is sad.
>>ICKE: Yeah, the houses
where I was brought up
are family houses.
>>REGINA: It's like
public housing in America.
>>ICKE: Yeah, but
they're family houses.
You know?
They're big enough for families.
And so families still
live in them today.
But where are the children?
And this is changing
the way that children
and young people's brains work.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ICKE: It's changing
the way they perceive
the world, because you
know, I've been saying
for a long time, you know,
the generations that were born
before this great
transformation,
this great technological
transformation at least,
have a big responsibility
in the sense
that we can remember what it
was like against what it is now.
And therefore, we have a
radar or a perceptual range
that can see the dramatic,
almost indescribable changes
that have taken place
in such a short time.
Whereas people born and
kids born into the world
today or born in
the recent past,
they're born into it as it is.
And of course, what
people tend to do,
we all do is when you come into
the world, you tend to think,
this is how it is.
And so they're being born
into a world of to them,
this is how it is.
Whereas to someone like me
born in 1952, it's like, whoa.
The transformation in such
a short time is incredible.
And so it's a radar.
It's a perceptual
range that when
the generations of the '50s
and '60s even have gone,
that will not be there.
This is how it is.
>>REGINA: Well, can I just
add something that kind of
gives me a little bit of hope?
You know, you look to
kind of pop culture
to see where the collective
mind might be headed.
And there's an interesting
magazine that has just
appeared in the United States.
It's not well-known.
It's I think it's only
had three editions so far.
It's called the
"Farmhouse Movement."
And what it's doing,
it's by millennials,
and it's written
for millennials.
Very short articles, lots
of beautiful pictures,
but a lot of lovely
how-tos and so forth
to get your fingers
dirty, get your kids off
of technology, back to the
land, raising little chickens
and animals, even if you just
have a tiny plot of land.
And where I'm living
in Penryn, California,
all the older fellows
have either died off
or sold and gone to homes.
And this land is
all being bought
by young families with two
and three little kids who
are all raising little animals.
And this is, in my
area, ubiquitous now.
Everyone around us are
these young families.
>>ICKE: Well, this is a point
that's important to make
is that it's very clear when
you observe young people today
the difference between the
conscious and the unconscious.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ICKE: Because for me,
the young generations today
are the most
perceptually targeted
and certainly-- well, I would
say in human history because
of the technological impact of
that perceptual programming.
And you're seeing this creation
of the snowflake mentality
where people call
themselves anti-fascists
while acting like Nazis in
terms of destroying freedom
of speech and everything.
And they are in so many
ways the Stormtroopers
of the Orwellian world.
But at the same time,
you see young people,
who despite the programming,
despite the perceptual
targeting from birth,
basically, have seen through it
and are seeing through it.
And that's the power of
consciousness over program.
And the program is
the village idiot.
It's the two-stone weakling
compared with consciousness
in its power.
And that's why the
system has to work
so hard to keep the population
in this perceptually programmed
state, because it's terrified
of people waking up.
Which means what?
What does waking up mean?
If you are
consciousness, but you're
operating within a bubble
of that consciousness which
I would call perception,
then waking up
is not finding something.
It's not even seeking something.
It's removing the perceptual
onion skins of programming
to allow the true self in.
It's basically
deleting the virus
so we start hearing the
mouse and the keyboard again.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ICKE: This is
one of the things
that I won't say has
irritated me over the years,
but it's made me shake my head.
You know when people
want power, they
want people to think
they have something
that others don't have, and that
it's very difficult and complex
and time consuming
over a period for you
that don't have it to
have what I have, right?
Now that's power, because you're
telling people how difficult it
is to be like me.
It isn't.
It's a hoax.
It's another hoax.
I've never meditated in my life.
I've nothing against it.
I say meditate.
I don't sit there cross-legged.
I've got arthritis in my knees.
Can't cross my knees anyway.
But I daydream a lot, let my
mind go where it wants to go.
I do that most of the time.
It's my basically base state.
But I don't fast, you know?
I don't go out and sit
in a forest for a month.
I don't do any of this stuff,
which you're supposed to do.
Or go on a quest
and all this stuff.
You know, go and
sit in a sweat lodge
for days on end or something.
I don't know.
And I'm not knocking
any of those things.
I'm not knocking
And I'm sure some people
find them beneficial.
What I'm saying is it's not
as complex as it's made out.
We are consciousness.
The scale of the
consciousness we are
has been imprisoned and
enslaved by myopic perception,
myopic self-identity.
We change the self-identity,
everything changes.
And no cross-legged on
a mountain necessary.
No walking around temples
in India necessary.
Just re self-identity
of who we are.
And from that, everything comes.
Just for a month, just
for a month try it.
Go through your life
self-identifying
with being all that is,
has been, and ever can be,
having an experience.
All consciousness,
all possibility,
having an experience, and
seeing the labels that
were your previous self-identity
as merely a set of experiences
we're having.
And I tell you what.
If you do that and mean it, you
watch the experiences change.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ICKE: You watch the
experiences change.
>>REGINA: No, it's very true.
And I'm going to end
on this one thing,
because I think
it's so appropriate.
This was on page 666 of
your book, by the way.
>>ICKE: Oh, symbolic.
>>REGINA: It's symbolic.
And it says, "No one
rules if no one obeys."
It's not about protest.
It's about mass non-cooperation
with the program.
>>ICKE: That's all it is.
And that's why we have the
fault lines of divide and rule
falling into greater and greater
minutiae of detail, which
is coming from the greater
and greater subdivision
of self-identity.
You know, there was
a time, for instance,
when you had the idea that
I'm a man or I'm a woman,
or I'm black, I'm
white, whatever.
These were
self-identities, which
could have divide and rule
fault lines put between them.
Because when there's
a few and you
want to control a
vast population,
you've got to get the vast
population at war with itself.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Which we do politics
and everything else.
>>ICKE: Exactly.
If the population, your
total population is united,
then you've got a big problem.
If it's in harmony, you've
got a massive problem.
You need a disharmonious,
chaotic state
of inter-label
conflict, and then you
can pull the strings of
everyone without them realizing
there are any strings at all.
And what we're seeing now with
this whole transgender thing--
I could talk about
that for hours
and why that's suddenly
come out of nowhere--
is the minutiae of self-identity
subdividing and subdividing.
We've had feminists and
transgender activists
having fights in the
street in Britain.
And so the more you subdivide
self-identity into I am are,
and then there's a lot of
letters, a lot of letters--
where am I in them letters?
Oh, you're there.
You're them too.
You know, all this stuff.
I mean, hello?
Then the further
you're moving away
from self-identity
with consciousness
to self-identity with not just
labels, though certainly that,
sub-labels, but with the world
of the five senses, which
self-identifies with the
body, not with consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
David, on that
note, gosh, this has
been a wonderful conversation.
I've absolutely loved it.
I think we covered the
depth of it pretty well.
Is there any final statement
you'd like to make?
I mean, yes, we could talk
for another 10 or 12 hours,
but considering this is
roughly an hour interview.
>>ICKE: OK.
Well, again, we come back
to the self-identity.
Who is the I?
Are you little me I?
In which case, you will
live a little me life.
Or are you infinite
me I, in which case
your life will be
dramatically different?
Because possibility is only
what we believe it to be.
The more you believe in I
can't, the more you won't.
The more you believe
in I can do anything,
the more you will experience
what you perceive.
What you believe, you perceive.
What you perceive,
you experience.
And I had some
posters made which
say, change your perception,
change your life.
Because your life
is your perception.
And these people
are manipulating
human society know that.
They know that dynamic.
They know that one
causes the other.
They know if they can
get our perception,
they've got our experience.
We take our perception back,
we take our lives back.
No meditation necessary.
>>REGINA: Thank you so
much on that note, David.
And thank you for
being the warrior
you've been the last 30 years.
I know everybody
thanks you for that.
But it's not been easy
doing what you do.
You go through a lot to
do it, but you love it.
>>ICKE: I do, and
it gets easier.
>>REGINA: It does.
And you get younger as a result.
[LAUGH]
>>ICKE: Yeah, that looks nice.
>>REGINA: You're hacking
into the matrix yourself.
Really, you look younger than
when I saw you five years ago.
Anyway, thank you, David.
Again, David's new book
"Everything You Need to Know
But Have Never Been
Told," which you can
find at all major booksellers.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
in London on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]